feat: add more information on verify (#927)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3wallet/verify.mdx

# Verify

Verify API allows dapps on all platforms (web, Android and iOS) to securely validate if the end-user is on the correct domain, via their Wallet and the Web3Wallet SDK.
Once the wallet knows whether the end-user was on uniswap.com or eviluniswap.com they can cross-reference this with our registry.

These simple solutions make phishing attacks significantly harder and hence make a more anxiety free crypto experience for end-users.
For those looking to enable the Verify on the dapp side, check out our reference guide [here.](../cloud/verify)

<CloudBanner />

The Verify security system will discriminate session requests in three different cases:

> - Invalid: The domain is not verified for the application that is trying to connect (Domain impersonation detected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invalid: The application's domain doesn't match the sender of this request. (Potential domain impersonation detected).
```

> - Unknown: The domain has not been verified. It cannot determine its legitimacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unknown: The sender domain has not been verified. We cannot determine the request origin. Proceed with caution.
```
